That makes you crazy.
What nonsense are you talking about? Don't you want face?
Then I'll give you enough face today.
To tell you the truth, I am Huaxia
There is no other way now
Forget it, give it up
So here's the thing.
Gao Mingyu only knows one thing and not the other
My Sun Ruoxue's husband must be the dragon among men
I didn't think to tell you
But
Since Gao Mingyu came to my wedding scene to make trouble
I'll tell you.
So that you can rest your mind.
My husband Chen Xiaodao
He is Huaxia Qinglong
How did he know who I was?
Chen Xiaodao, can you act for me?
This is about the face of my Sun Group
Hmph, so he doesn't know?
It's all nonsense for the sake of face
Don't worry, nothing else will work
Play Qinglong, I am here
Hahahaha
Luoxue, are you crazy?
This must be what he told you.
You believe this nonsense
If he were Huaxia Qinglong
Then I am the Jade Emperor
Hahahaha
Dare to insult Lord Qinglong and ask for a fight
Who hit me?